welcome back to the Phantom Gourmet our
next up is a legendary sandwich shop in
Providence Rhode Island they're famous
for lip-smacking meatball subs
overstuffed steak and cheeses and one of
the best Italians you'll ever eat the
only thing they don't serve is Bologna
the comment cards embedded into the
tables at the sandwich hut in Providence
speak for the subs I would crawl over
broken glass to get to one of your
Italian Deluxe's so and says we got
married and came to the hut for our
honeymoon I used to come to the sandwich
hut with my husband I can live without
him but I can't live without my sandwich
hot sandwiches the sandwich hut has been
run by the camara families since 1963
and after decades of slicing stacking
and serving they still take each and
every sub seriously it's like I'm
cooking for my family I just can't live
with someone to help me my food is bad
so has to be good I just couldn't it's
not in me to serve somebody something
that I wouldn't eat every day owner did
nice camera and her son Peter hand
rolled mountains of meatballs that are
time-tested and customer approved
they're coming to say these are the only
meatballs that I will eat besides my
mother's so and I get a lot of that
these tender homestyle meatballs are so
good in fact it's hard to keep up with
demand
many many meatballs have been served I
would really have to sit down with a
calculator clearly thousands and
thousands and thousands and while you
can't have your meatballs served
straight up this is the sandwich hut
after all so a roll is recommended other
signature sandwiches include the MTP
that's mozzarella
tomatoes and pesto but for the more
carnivorous the Alitalia is stuffed with
top-quality Italian meats and cheeses
it's a big sandwich if you get a large
Alitalia that's two meals of your day
but la jolla talia is a huge amount of
food a lot of meat on it I wouldn't eat
a whole one for a big breakfast sandwich
every Friday the sandwich hut whips up
fluffy omelets packed with whatever
meats and veggies you want the omelets
are a really great egg sandwich it's
really more of a frittata than an omelet
I mean it's a thick Italian style arm
that we then put in a roll and
and they're not stopping sandwiches the
cameras are stuffing peppers and this is
like no stuffed pepper you've ever seen
rather than a stuffed pepper just with a
piece of prosciutto wrapped around we
take all of our deli meats and we mix
them with provolone cheese and spices
and then we stuff the cherry peppers
with them this place really has been
known to think outside the bun they make
piping hot soups from scratch daily the
pillowy ravioli and juicy chicken parm
are topped with Denise's father's
old-school gravy
unlike most recipes here the sauce
hasn't changed a bit since the day the
sandwich had opened we've never changed
any of that we have added things men
never change the recipe the cameras
really haven't changed much of anything
over the last 50 years and that includes
the shops philosophy we do not serve
fancy words eloquent phrases or baloney
and that was my grandfather it kind of
expresses his belief that you know
everyday food should be beautiful and no
baloney
we don't serve the product baloney but
what you see is what you get it's not
magic it's a lot of hard work and a lot
of love that we put into the food that's
what it's all about